dcode: rework goals and rubrics guide (#4675)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/code/goals-and-rubrics.mdx

---
title: Goals and rubrics
sidebarTitle: Goals and rubrics
description: Define objectives and acceptance criteria for Deep Agents Code sessions
---

> Goals and rubrics help Deep Agents Code check whether its work satisfies the criteria you care about. Use a goal for objective-driven work where the agent should help define done, and use a rubric when you already know the criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goals and rubrics help Deep Agents Code check whether its work satisfies the criteria you care about. Use a goal for objective-driven work where the agent should help define acceptance critera, and use a rubric when you already know the criteria.
```
